# Generated by PyFunceble (v3.3.2.) / https://git.io/vpZoI
# Date of generation: 2021-02-15T04:30:24.021073

Subject                                                                                              Status      HTTP Code 
https://amzwssl8-clicktale.xyz/login.html                                                            ACTIVE      HTTP Code 
https://aibonlineverification.com/Alert.php                                                          ACTIVE      HTTP Code 
https://bit.ly/2N1bVA5                                                                               ACTIVE      HTTP Code 
http://cambriacalvary.org/boa/boa/boa/verifyemail.html?cmd=login_submit&amp;id=9ca93fcd36350b02cd3cf7c9526677af&amp;session=9ca93fcd36350b02cd3cf7c9526677af ACTIVE      HTTP Code 
https://emergencialcaixaeconomica.eastus2.cloudapp.azure.com/ssl/caixa.gov.br/web/acesso.php         ACTIVE      HTTP Code 
https://littlefoots.ru:443/ceca74ff485f7b1e1360f557e4f7deab                                          ACTIVE      HTTP Code 
https://lloydbank-secureaccount.com/Login.php                                                        ACTIVE      HTTP Code 
https://ranknteu.gorlekurat.top                                                                      ACTIVE      HTTP Code 
https://reff-notice.com/verifylogin.php?&amp;sessionid=$hash&amp;securessl=true                      ACTIVE      HTTP Code 
https://reff-notice.com/secure.php?&amp;sessionid=$hash&amp;securessl=true                           ACTIVE      HTTP Code 
http://serviceupdateconfirmation.com/Login.php                                                       ACTIVE      HTTP Code 
https://unauthorisenewpayee.com/Login.php                                                            ACTIVE      HTTP Code 
https://unauthorise-payeeadd.com/Login.php                                                           ACTIVE      HTTP Code 
https://victorious-coffee-pressure.glitch.me/                                                        ACTIVE      HTTP Code 
http://www.contruproctocolo.tonohost.com                                                             ACTIVE      HTTP Code 
https://www.delivery-uk-support.help/RoyalMail/verifylogin.php?&amp;sessionid=$hash&amp;securessl=true ACTIVE      HTTP Code 
https://www.delivery-uk-support.help/RoyalMail/secure.php?&amp;sessionid=$hash&amp;securessl=true    ACTIVE      HTTP Code 
https://www.deregister-online-customer.com/Login.php                                                 ACTIVE      HTTP Code 
https://www.greekjesus.com/DHL/DHL/dhl                                                               ACTIVE      HTTP Code 
http://www.myts3caird-customer.top                                                                   ACTIVE      HTTP Code 
https://www.new-payee-decline-support.com/Login.php                                                  ACTIVE      HTTP Code 
https://yann-decoration.fr/wp-content/plugins/wpforms-lite/wp-alf/72e503502f41acafad847518293fe177/dhl.php?https://dhl-express/easy-to-use/tracking_and_documents/index.html?mailclient=/mail&amp;service=mail&amp;flowName=GlifWebSignIn&amp;flowEntry=AddSession ACTIVE      HTTP Code 
